1. Academic Assessments: This topic includes mandated annual state assessments like MAP and other district and school level assessments to evaluate academic progress.
2. Academic Goals: This topic covers the strategic planning processes schools undertake in aligning goals with educational standards and the implementation of interventions and supports to meet educational objectives in core subjects like math, ELA, and science.
3. Behavioral Goals: This topic addresses strategies and programs designed to improve student  behavior and create positive school environments. It includes the implementation of Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports (PBIS), discipline management strategies, and efforts to increase student engagement and accountability.
4. Classroom Management: This topic covers how teachers develop and implement procedures to maximize instructional time/space/transitions/activities for efficiency in the classroom.
5. Classroom Environment/Culture: This topic covers how all members of the school community (administrators, teachers, and students) develop and implement pro-social behaviors inside and outside of academic instruction. This can include social-emotional learning (SEL) and fostering of pro-social attitudes and behaviors.
6. Curriculum: This topic covers what teachers do to plan, design, and develop materials to promote learning. This can include collaboration through professional learning communities (PLCs) as long as it is specifically around curriculum design.
7. Instruction: This topic covers what teachers do to deliver instruction during active academic time with students in the classroom. This includes instructional strategies and also collaboration in professional learning communities (PLCs) as long as it is specifically about how teachers engage with students in academics, instructional strategies, academic press, critical thinking, or formative assessment.
8. Professional Development: This topic involves the continuous education and skill development of teachers and educational staff, including evaluation of teachers, classroom observation, and collaboration around improving what teachers do to work with students.
9. Parent/Community Engagement: This topic involves strategies and practices for involving parents and the community (including school boards) in the educational process. It includes parent-teacher  communication, community partnerships to support student achievement, and stakeholder involvement in school decision-making processes.
10. Technology Use/Integration: This topic covers the use and integration of technological tools, resources, and materials.
11. College and Career Readiness (CCR): This topic covers college and career readiness (CCR) of students including Career & Technical Education credit hours and employment, military, and college placement.
12. Graduation:  This topic involves the matriculation between grades and completed secondary state requirements. This is often expressed in the graduation rates of students.
13. Attendance: This topic involves the attendance rates and percents of students.

These topics provide a comprehensive overview of the generalizable areas covered in the documents, reflecting the broad spectrum of considerations in educational planning, implementation, and evaluation.